[DOC] Removed and changed fields in `v1beta2` version of API (#4494)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/upgrading/proc-upgrade-cruise-control-api-version.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-upgrade-resources.adoc

[id='proc-upgrade-cruise-control-api-version-{context}']

> = Upgrading Cruise Control to support {ApiVersion}

Reviewer: Were we going to use _Manually_ in these titles to distinguish from the new tool approach?

Author: I don't think we need to. Let's see how the content looks once it's merged in.

.Prerequisites

* A Cluster Operator supporting the `{ApiVersion}` API version is up and running.

> 

Reviewer: Do you want to add a prereq about Cruise Control being configured + link?

Reviewer: Perhaps we should have a prereq link for all the optional Kafka config

Author: Good suggestion. I added prerequisites for:
- Cruise Control
- Mirror Maker
- Mirror Maker 2.0
- Kafka Bridge
- Kafka Connectors
- Kafka Rebalance

.Procedure

> Execute the following steps for each `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl` configuration in your Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: Not sure about _execute_. Maybe this could be reduced to: _For each `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl` configuration in your Kafka cluster:_

Reviewer: We don't have a _For each_ from some of the other Kafka config changes?

Author: Good observations, thanks. I updated each file to:

> . Update the `Kafka` resource in an editor.

Reviewer: Do we want to use _custom resource_?

Author: Yes, I think so. Changed to custom resource in each Kafka-related procedure.

+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> kubectl edit kafka _my-cluster_

Reviewer: General: `kubectl edit kafka _NAME-OF-KAFKA-CLUSTER_`

Author: Not sure what I was thinking there! Updated to capitals throughout, but without "name of" for brevity.

`kubectl edit kafka _KAFKA-CLUSTER_`

----

. If `type: external` logging is configured in `.spec.cruiseControl.logging`:
+
Replace the `name` of the ConfigMap containing the logging configuration:
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
logging:
  type: external
  name: my-config-map
----
+

> With the `valueFrom.configMapKeyRef` field and specify both the ConfigMap `name` and the `key` under which the logging is stored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `valueFrom.configMapKeyRef` field, and specify both the ConfigMap `name` and the `key` under which the logging is stored:
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
logging:
  type: external
  valueFrom:
    configMapKeyRef:
      name: my-config-map

>       key: log4j2.properties

Reviewer 2: I think this was typo in my document. In current master, this should be `log4j.properties`. Sorry.

However, it might change to `log4j2.properties` in #4487 - @kyguy @sknot-rh please advise what should we use here.

Reviewer 2: So, apparently, we were visionary ... it will be changed to `log4j2.properties` in #4487. So we should keep this as it is.

----

. If the `.spec.cruiseControl.metrics` field is used to enable metrics:

.. Create a new ConfigMap that stores the YAML configuration for the JMX Prometheus exporter under a key. 

> The YAML must match what is currently in the `.spec.cruiseControl.metrics` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the YAML file must match what is specified by the `.spec.cruiseControl.metricsConfig` property.
```

+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
kind: ConfigMap
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: kafka-metrics
  labels:
    app: strimzi
data:

>   cruise-control-metrics-config.yml: |

Reviewer: General obseravtion: This would be the only section where we use _.yml_ rather than _.yaml_. Maybe change to be consistent?

Author: Updated to .yaml throughout the procedures.

      <YAML>
----

> .. Create a new `.spec.cruiseControl.metricsConfig` field pointing to the ConfigMap and key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Add a `.spec.cruiseControl.metricsConfig` property that points to the ConfigMap and key:
```

Reviewer: We tend to use _property_ rather than _field_ in the doc

Reviewer: This would apply to all the _Create a new_ metricsConfig steps
